1. Write a Python program to find the sum of two numbers.
2. Write a Python program to check if a number is even or odd.
Write a Python program to find the largest number among three numbers.
Write a Python program to calculate the factorial of a number.
Write a Python program to print the Fibonacci sequence up to n terms.

6. Write a Python program to check if a number is prime.
Write a Python program to find the sum of all numbers in a list.
Write a Python program to find the largest number in a list.
Write a Python program to reverse a string.
Write a Python program to count the number of vowels in a string.

11. Write a Python program to check if a string is a palindrome.
Write a Python program to remove duplicates from a list.
Write a Python program to sort a list in ascending order.
Write a Python program to find the length of a list.
Write a Python program to merge two lists.

16. Write a Python program to find the common elements between two lists.
Write a Python program to convert a list to a tuple.
Write a Python program to find the index of an element in a list.
Write a Python program to count the occurrences of an element in a list.
Write a Python program to check if a key exists in a dictionary.

21. Write a Python program to merge two dictionaries.
Write a Python program to find the length of a dictionary.
Write a Python program to print the keys and values of a dictionary.
Write a Python program to create a dictionary from two lists.
Write a Python program to find the factorial of a number using recursion.

16. Write a Python program to check if a number is a perfect number.
Write a Python program to print the first n prime numbers.
Write a Python program to print the sum of the digits of a number.
Write a Python program to find the gcd of two numbers.
Write a Python program to convert a decimal number to binary.

31. Write a Python program to convert a binary number to decimal.
Write a Python program to convert a string to uppercase.
Write a Python program to convert a string to lowercase.
Write a Python program to count the number of words in a string.
Write a Python program to find the second largest number in a list.

36. Write a Python program to remove the nth occurrence of a given word in a list.
Write a Python program to find the intersection of two lists.
Write a Python program to find the union of two lists.
Write a Python program to remove all occurrences of a given element from a list.
Write a Python program to find the maximum and minimum values in a dictionary.

41. Write a Python program to get the frequency of the elements in a list.
Write a Python program to check if a list is empty.
Write a Python program to clone or copy a list.
Write a Python program to print the unique elements of a list.
Write a Python program to convert a tuple to a string.

46. Write a Python program to print the first and last elements of a list.
Write a Python program to multiply all the items in a list.
Write a Python program to remove the first occurrence of a specified element from a list.
Convert a list of tuples into a dictionary
Merge two dictionaries